
Obtain the Quake Game Data Files
--------------------------------

When id Software released the source code to Quake to the public under the GPL license, they did not
similarly release the game data. Therefore, in order to actually play gles Quake, you must somehow
obtain the Quake game data files. Two ways of doing this are:

1) Buy a copy of Quake for a personal computer, and copy the pak files that come with that version.
2) Download and install the shareware version of Quake.

The rest of these instructions, and the actual glesquake application, assume that you have installed
the shareware version of Quake and copied the pak0.pak file to the location
glesquake/quake/app/id1/pak0.pak in the glesquake source tree.

Unfortunately I can't help you obtain a copy of the Quake game data files. I will mention that the
original version of shareware Quake was available for DOS machines, so you may have to install a DOS
emulator, and also that at one time id software made the shareware version of Quake available on
their ftp server. Beyond that, Internet search engines may be helpful.

Obtain the Software Needed to Build GLES Quake
----------------------------------------------

GLES Quake is built using the Android SDK 1.6 or newer and the Android NDK r5b or newer. You
can install them from:

http://developer.android.com/sdk

You will also need Eclipse 3.4 or newer, Java version, available from:

http://eclipse.org


After you install the SDK and the NDK, please build some of the samples that
come with the NDK in order to get a feel for using the SDK and the NDK.

Building GLES Quake
-------------------

There are three parts to building GLES Quake:

    1) Build the shared library
    2) Create the Eclipse Project for the Application
    3) Build the Java apk.

Build the shared library:

    cd <your-glesquake-directory>
    <path-to-the-android-ndk>/ndk-build
    
  Be sure to use the actual pathnames from your system. For example,
  on my system I actually type the following:

    cd ~/code/glesquake
    ../android-ndk-r5b/ndk-build

This should chug away for a while and ultimately produce the file

libs/armeabi/libquake.so
    
Create the Eclipse project:

    Start Eclipse
    From the menu choose File : New Project
    Choose Android:Android Project as a project type
    Press Next
    Set Project Name: GLESQuake
    Choose "Create project from existing source"
    Browse to the location of the glesquake source directory.
    Make sure the "Android 1.6" Target Name is checked.
    Make sure the Min SDK Version is 4
    Press Finish

Build the Java apk:

    This should happen automatically once you've created the Eclipse project.

